FiveMStoreBot Feature List
This page contains a full feature list for FiveMStoreBot.

Multiple prefixes.
Over 120 configuration options in a config file.
Nearly all channel outputs from the bot can be configured to multiple channels instead of just one.
Logging Deleted messages.
Logging Role updates.
Logging Role edited.
Logging Command logging.
Logging Edited messages.
Logging Channel creates.
Logging Channel edits.
Logging Channel deletes.
Admin Management Have three configuration staff ranks with permission use.
Admin Management Option to restrict commands with custom permissions.
Admin Management Tracing of user actions. total mutes, kicks, joins, bans, messages sent, messages deleted.
DM User Module Receive bot messages and replies.
Utility Module Member count channel.
Auto Role Module Assign a group of roles to users when they join.
Greet Module Welcome messages.
Greet Module Leave messages.
Greet Module Option to use fancy embeds on leave and welcome messages.
Greet Module Option to use welcome/leave image instead of embed or text ().
Language Module Filter words and terms and restrict them.
Language Module Ability to whitelist roles to bypass the filtered words and terms.
Levelling Module Levelling system (toggleable).
Levelling Module Gain extra XP from attachments and longer messages.
Levelling Module Custom level up messages.
Levelling Module Options to remove levels on leave and/or removal.
Levelling Module Display rank names for people with certain levels.
Levelling Module Send an image with a users rank and XP
Ticket Module Ticket system with no restriction on the amount of support roles.
Ticket Module Tickets get sorted in a category.
Ticket Module Ability to archive tickets (https://faxes.zone/i/c929m.png).
Ticket Module Up to three custom questions to be asked when users create a ticket (faxes.zone/i/35hy5.gif).
Auto Reply Messages Ability to reply to a users message automatically. You can make an unlimited amount of these with your own configuration.
Easy to install addon commands and extensions. Drag and drop!
Command List
General Commands

sinfo/guildinfo: Get all the guilds information and statistics.
help/cmds: Show help message with slides that go through each command category.
Utility Commands

FiveMStoreBot/botcredits: Displays the original bots author and how you can obtain it.
timer: Set a timer for an amount of time.
uptime: Get the bots uptime.
ping: Ping the bot and see if how it’s going.
poll: Create a checkmark based poll.
xp/rank: Get yours or another users rank and chat level.
leaderboard/lb: The leaderboard with top chat level users.
Ticket Commands

new/ticket: Create a new ticket.
archive: Archive a ticket and generate it into a html file.
close: Close a ticket channel
rename: Rename a ticket channel.
Moderation Commands

ban: Ban a user via mention or ID.
say/echo: Echo a message as the bot.
sayem/echoem: Echo a message as the bot in an embed.
kick: Kick a user.
clear/purge: Bulk delete an amount of messages.
msg/message: DM users through the bot. Good tool to reply to bot DMs.
mute: Mute a user for the specified amount of time.
setstatus: Set the bots presence.
unban: Unbans a user via ID or tag.
unwarn: Remove a users warning.
userinfo/ui: Get a users profile and guild information.
warn: Warn a user for an action.
This is only the base bots command not including extension commands or features.